hey guys welcome to my channel we're in
a hotel right now because we are going
to see Silicon Valley actor Jimmy o yang
I am so excited he's like the best
character in the TV show because he
represents us immigrants in the United
States super excited let's go and see
[Music]
buddy not Jamie oh yes interview a
I'm so excited
you have my favorites look at the
character really don't tell anybody else
I saw your show yesterday it was I was
loving like crazy I was surprised about
3,000 people okay yeah it was pretty
packed in the north's theater san
francisco is awesome where are you
nervous yesterday no it was great cuz
you know I get to do some stand-up in
the beginning and then sit down and have
a conversation kind of like this so it
was it was just fun like I do a
conversation in front of a live audience
as a comedian I think I'm pretty
comfortable with that cool I think it
was San Francisco style because in San
Francisco one would do something would
you like sit down and talk and then QA
even in the theater
you are right so it's like it seems more
legit yeah instead of just a guide to
extend that it was cool it was really
cool let's talk about the book you just
released I read it well I listen to an
audio book when it's light I'm like this
is gonna be my favorite book because I
get to the stage three years ago and you
know I've never read a book about you
know immigrants it's just my blog and
everything so what made you write this
book I think for people to relate
because like you said there aren't a lot
of material out there about immigrants
and Asian immigrants or any kind of
immigrants right so I want people to
read this be like oh my god I went
through that I have a dad that didn't
want me to go into you know comedy or
like the arts and then I did it you know
just like this guy so I want people to
kind of not feel so crazy about
themselves going through the
assimilation process you know and also I
think it's important now for people to
kind of see immigrants in a humanizing
way instead of just like a political
issue yeah so hopefully through my point
of view people can just read like a fun
story in your book you said that you mum
freaked out when you bought a $50
t-shirt yes oh my god like she's not
cheap she's always looking for a good
deal and so I can now who's never
allowed to buy anything at full price
yeah Ross Marshalls night or waiting for
discounts at Nordstrom Rack my fares
because it just came I was like you know
it's the same thing in Nordstrom Rack
why'd you go to Nordstrom yeah which is
true I want a new fridge a smarter
fridge like this
$14,000 I ordered already I buy it for
myself then why are you talking to me
about it to make you feel bad because
you're fat and the poor do you still
maintain any of those Chinese habits I
try not to but I've anxiety when I shop
like whenever I go even like buy couch
or something I need some kind of
discount it's just like
five dollars off so I feel a little
better about myself you know it's not
even a monetary money thing it's
definitely a mental thing for me what's
your most expensive piece of cloth right
now oh I just got this yesterday this is
super nice this is a $70 like kind of
velvet pajamas from nest Betty what
peeps okay so you're gonna tell your mom
about it I don't know I'm just gonna say
I got a threesome that's Kate yeah your
parents didn't understand you ascends up
things you mentioned in your book and
that happens to a lot of kids was there
a moment when you realize no they
appreciate what I'm doing I don't know
what they still do maybe my dad was an
audience yesterday at the show was he
yeah so afterwards he came over when
everybody's taking a picture and it was
cool you know I love have his moment but
um I think he understands some of it you
know in the Q&A is and stuff like that
and he understands oh my god a lot of
people coming to see my kid that's very
cool but he still doesn't understand
some of the culture or humor and he was
so into stuff in the book I think he's
kind of embarrassed about you know when
I when I said like him I my mom used to
argue and stuff like there's a kid you
can't tell people that and he made it a
point he was screaming in the cry as day
that this book is 90% true and 10%
fiction and I'm like dad he's just
throwing me under the bus what are you
doing this book is not true you know
you're just completely undermining what
I was just doing on stage but he's a
prideful old Chinese man you know so he
needs to do that I eat a fish I
understand you eat the fish but when you
clean the fish you can't just leave the
fish head and gut some [ __ ] in the sink
because the whole house smells like a
bait station so gotta put it in the
trash and then take the trash out dear
Stan yes I eat the fish mother
have you ever received complaints about
your jokes like from Chinese people mmm
not too much my stand-up sometimes maybe
my character in Silicon Valley in the
beginning I think people was like oh
this guy's an accent and character and
stuff like that but then as they saw the
carrot to progress into more of a
three-dimensional character I think
people are pretty happy about it and now
he's just kind of an [ __ ] the kind of
a funny [ __ ] so people like liked him
for that that's cool because sometimes
when it joke about Russians here in
America I guess really every comments
like that's right yeah it's like a pride
and secrecy thing like you don't tell
anyone everything right but I think it's
important to share these stories like
even some of the very honest moments in
the book like when my mom left to go
back to Shanghai I was having a hard
time writing it but I thought it'll be
important to write it for other people
that maybe have gone through the same
thing maybe their parents didn't
assimilate as well or maybe they came to
this country by themselves to kind of
see this story and be like hey I'm
hopefully gonna turn out okay awesome
this morning you put your soda cans in
the green one okay that's not right
the green is for grass and leaves okay
the blue one is for recycling go ahead
and put those in there yeah very good
the black one is for all other trash do
you understand yes which is for burning
no we don't burn trash in this country
it's illegal you never burn trash okay
can you say that I never burn trash I
never burn trash yes what about garbage
when you started doing your stand-up you
said you were doing this for free even
for the bottles of beer yes that's true
really I think makes me make money out
of it I think it's a step by step thing
right like a first you just trying to
get stage time doing open mics getting
good you
and then you hope to get some college
gigs maybe $1,000 here and there and
then you get there and that was like oh
my god this is amazing
mmm and then you get some like other
gigs and then you get some TV stuff two
lines on TV like this is amazing but I
never thought I would be like a series
regular on like a fifth season of the
HBO show so everything just kind of
happens step-by-step and it kind of just
unfolded I always say like sometimes you
don't necessarily need to know every
step to get to the goal mm-hmm but just
know what your goal is and kind of you
know just be happy along the journey and
they'll unfold when was this transition
from being a stand-up comedian to an
actor when did you decide I'm gonna go
audition for I was just hoping that I
would get a couple commercials every
year so I can get some residuals and
like sustain myself being a comedian but
then like I said you know just step by
step like the first thing I got was like
two lines of two Broke Girls and I
thought that was like beyond my wildest
range to be like in sag to have two
lines on a TV show that was crazy
mm-hm and then that led to something
else a little bigger and then that led
to something else and even Silicon
Valley started something really small it
was just two line part parallel to like
the headliner like maybe a main like
pain-in-the-ass on the show like okay
but but a series regular on the show so
yeah I'm super happy about that that's
really cool
so let's talk a little about the accent
I don't hear any accent let me speak I
still hear my accent so what is the
advice you would give to people like me
how do you learn hmm I came in like 13
so I think that was a pretty good age
but also I watched a lot of television
when I came here I did have an accent
and I just imitated you know my favorite
American actors and also I watched a lot
of B et the plaque and I am in
television and Rap City comic view I
love the hip-hop culture you know it's
almost developed like a hip-hop kind of
way of speaking and that come on
and I kind of covered up my original
accent for some reason so I was I would
say definitely you know just immerse
yourself in the whole culture you know
talk to your friends in English
watch watch TV shows in English and read
an English something everything is very
important important to be immersed in
that culture and talk and listen and
speak and work everything out in English
so you know guess what just because my
business is a study abroad yeah don't
talk to anybody else sir if you can't
pay for the tickets I really don't see
how that's possible what if we do like a
little in a nap thing I just go in there
ten minutes you know have one cocktail
to three Max's he doesn't mean yes I'm
hungry
does anybody have an extra ticket my
investor cannot pay that's actually not
true they think they must have misplaced
the tickets no we have everyone's
tickets here can you please check Eric
Blackmon er I see it's not at all how
it's spelled here let's go check out a
nice night thank you when people ask you
where are you from what do you tell them
now I tell them Hong Kong and then but I
grew up both in Hong Kong and Los
Angeles it depends if it's just an uber
driver I'm just trying to not have too
long or a conversation I'll tell Los
Angeles because I have been there now
for 17 years most of my life mm-hmm but
if people want to really get into it you
know telephone call 13 and what is your
favorite thing about Uncle
I just went back there for the first
time in 17 years last year and I think
the food and the culture like it's so
cool that you see like a old Chinese
restaurant that only serves like a
brisket soup and they've been there for
like 50 years
mmm and then next to it it's like a
massive glass building that's beautiful
that was built last year that's you know
80 stories high so seeing that kind of
juxtaposition is really beauty
cool do you see yourself ever going back
to China yeah I want to actually maybe
try some stand-up in China or like you
know take my comedy there we'll see what
happens not in the immediate plans in
the future I will consider that maybe
not move back for good but spend some
good amount of time what is your big
vision for your future we'll see I I
wrote this book I want to turn it into
TV show I think so maybe I have to
Silicon Valley you'll see how to
American TV show that is awesome
agent yang how was how was last night it
was said Eric
he promised me Dina was a bigger meat
big meat vehicle meet people meet people
thing people say no you can't come in
wait so you guys didn't get in we went
to Taco Bell Eric he started crying in
Taco Bell try to play much taco sauce
talk through things you'll love in the
United States
hip-hop music entertainment and like
movies and stuff like that thing we're
still the capital and sports mm-hmm top
three things you hate
say whatever I think I I don't really
like how things are like so polarizing
in the politics and there's so much you
know argument on TV every single second
I don't really like the fact that
compared to Hong Kong especially like
cities like LA or most cities in America
it's not very walkable you know yeah
that's not really you know so there's
not a like there's an ID on the streets
I want to say food but there's just so
much diverse food that's kind of a good
thing actually because you can find a
lot of good food but there's certain
places that I can't find good Chinese
food tell us so a typical day my typical
day well like today I woke up in my
hotel room you know I I'm doing this
interview and then I'm going to Google
today to do a talk and then after that I
think there's one more interview have a
good lunch
hopefully I highly recommend chef's
shoes and I might go there for some
lunch and then I prepare for my show at
night I'm doing a stand-up show in San
Jose today oh so and then after that
maybe another good meal and then just go
to sleep
wonder what if I told you there's a
managing this is the assistant wait for
the boss to pitch mom's outside okay oh
the lady who's a smoke you said a no no
start sorry Monica was smoking
cigarettes cigarettes
no no he's confused he's Chinese
he's talking about this crack addict
prostitute who saw the gas station she
was smoking cigarettes so sad
jinyang what are you doing this is Palo
Alto your people are lunatics about
smoking here we don't enjoy all the
freedoms that you have in China right
where people smoke all the time I don't
a smoke itself a special occasions so
you do smoke but have you been smoking
in my house no there's no special
occasion ever happen in your house top
three apps that you use oh man um I use
Instagram a lot but that's not
surprising I think that's fun and I just
scroll through a lot of memes oh I have
this lighthouse app it's a camera it's a
it's like nest camera but it's a smart
camera as AI oh let me see like when my
dog is doing like when my parents came
home so it's like that that's really
cool I can see how much he looks like
yeah there's a funny so it's my plug
monitor it's called lighthouse and let's
see what else do I use Google Translate
that's a great app oh you still
translate things yeah because sometimes
I don't read very well in Chinese
anymore sadly oh I needed English yes or
Chinese and something like that you know
because my dad sends me a lot of Chinese
articles and I just punch it a google
translator great please do you ever take
a picture yeah Google Translate and it
tells you how to text so it's super
super awesome advice for immigrants want
to get into Hollywood oh I don't know I
think it's not as intimidating as it
seems you know I think it's just like
anything else hard work does prevail you
know in Hollywood it's not just luck
it's not just a nepotism a lot of times
I think immigrant parents don't think
that's a real job but I'm here to tell
you it is right like that's how I afford
this pajama is being an actor yeah it's
being an actor and in Hollywood so I
think it's important to see other people
like for me growing up to see Bobby Lee
and ken Jeong you know people
like me making it in Hollywood so hey I
just want to say like it's possible even
even with an accent it's awesome I mean
look I don't really have an axe in real
life but I played in one movie with Mark
Wahlberg that I played and you know a
real immigrant that had an accent and
jingyang I've been playing this
character five years you know so I think
as long as you play authentically with
humanity and take acting classes it's
not just a natural talent you know it's
a natural town that needs to be
cultivated and you need to take acting
classes so take acting classes and
believe that it's possible any advice
for open mic errs or anybody I want to
try stand-up comedy I think you just
gotta go onstage and try it you're not
gonna be funny in the beginning okay so
just try and Eric keep trying to keep
grinding it out when I started I was
going on open like seven days a week
mm-hmm it trying to have as many shows
as you can I don't care how crappy it is
just do it stage time stage time stage
time stage time is the most important
things more important money when you
first start stand-up comedy when you go
stand in front of the Trump
what can your talking oh man that's a
good question huh
look I'm American too I'm as American as
anybody you've ever met I'm as American
as you are and I and I think that's
important for people to understand that
because so many parts of the world in
America and around the world see me as
an Asian person before it would ever see
me as an American even though I have an
American passport so I think you know
media representation that's important to
change that but also just you know
somebody like Trump could really maybe
hear something like that
like I am just American as you are Wow
great thank you thank you so much Jimmy
that was so inspiring thank you
immigrants here in the States
you are living the American dream thank
you thank you right it was good meeting
you
thanks for watching and guys if you want
to guess book please get it the link
will be below it's awesome
I'm laughing like crazy when they listen
to it get both let's get the hardcopy an
audio yeah cool ok thank you for
watching don't forget to subscribe to
this channel
[Music]